---
title: Homework
module: 1
---

# Homework

<div class="embed-responsive embed-responsive-16by9"><iframe class="embed-responsive-item" src="" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>

You are going to create an online registration system for Esports players. You will need to keep track of the
gamer’s name, address, phone, gamer tag, game(s) they play, and whether they play on console or PC. 

### For players:

1. They should be able to register, and login/logout
2. Enter, view, and edit the game(s) they play.
3. Enter, view and edit their name, address, phone
4. Enter, view and edit their gamer tag
5. They should be able to subscribe or unsubscribe from correspondence
6. They should be able to change their information including their username and password

### For administrators

1. They should able to login/logout
2. They should able to view all players and their details.
3. They should be able to search for a player by name and/or gamer tag
4. They should be able to run reports on all the players, including games played.
5. They should able to change their information including their username and password

### For both players and admins

1. If they attempt to log in more than three times unsuccessfully, they should be locked out

### Specifics for the first homework:

1. Create a design for how you plan on accomplishing this task.
2. Create a simple front-end web page for player's registration.
3. Create a style sheet for the web page.
4. Design some test cases for this page.
5. Upload your pages to your repository and turn your link into GitHub.